Exported more types from robin (#6887)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/robin/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Made `TextZones.Zone` type public.
> - Made `Words.WordScope` type public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Made `TextZones.Zone` and `Words.WordScope` types public.
```

Reviewer: Actually, we can probably reword that further to something like this:
```suggestion
- Exposed the `TextZones.Zone` and `Words.WordScope` types.
```

# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased

### Added

> * Made `TextZones.Zone` type public

Reviewer: These should be hyphens, not asterisks. Also please either add a fullstop at the end, or add a JIRA number.

* Made `Words.WordScope` type public

> ## 8.0.8

Reviewer: This isn't valid. Either add the date and entries for 8.0.8 or just remove this please.

- [ ] Fix invalid changelog
